# librarybuddy
A django web application to help you with everything related to a physical library.
Libraries are facing a situation where demand for dynamic access and online delivery of information is growing rapidly. Add to that an increasing amount of content being generated for Web sites and other publications by a variety of authors, some with little or no Web expertise. In many large academic and public libraries, Web content is created by a roster of authors, including professional librarians, staff members, student assistants, and interns. As a result, the question of how to streamline the workflow and publish easily and consistently has become a critical issue. The Webmaster model is still employed by many libraries as a primary means to manage its Web site, but has been proven to be inefficient in an environment where a team of developers and editors contribute to the Web site. The changing nature of Web authorship and user demands is necessitating change in how libraries manage their Web sites. [3]
1.	To build a web based platform which enables the readers and the library staff to seamlessly function by reducing the hassle of monitoring and managing activities in a library.
2.	The platform should efficiently reduce the time period incurred by the user/member during Book Issuing and Returning.
3.	The platform should aid the library staff to carry out membership management as well as procurement and management of borrowable materials with minimal effort.
4.	The platform should also be able to gather feedback from an existing user/member to provide better insights for the management staff regarding the overall activity.
